[2.6] Small updates to several guides (#2161)
astronomer/docs: learn/connections.md

Any parameters that don't have specific fields in the connection form can be defined in the **Extra** field as a JSON dictionary. For example, you can add the `sslmode` or a client `sslkey` in the **Extra** field of your PostgreSQL connection.

> Starting in Airflow 2.2, you can test some connection types from the Airflow UI with the **Test** button. After running a connection test, a message appears on the top of the screen showing either a success confirmation or an error message. When using the **Test** button, the connection to your external tool is made from the webserver component of Airflow. See also [Testing connections in the Airflow documentation](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/howto/connection.html#testing-connections).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting in Airflow 2.2, you can test some connection types from the Airflow UI with the **Test** button. After running a connection test, a message shows either a success confirmation or an error message. When using the **Test** button, the connection to your external tool is made from the webserver component of Airflow. See also [Testing connections in the Airflow documentation](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/howto/connection.html#testing-connections).
```

Screen reader accessibility - UI's are presented in a sequential order instead of spatial order when you're listening to them. Usually you can just sub "beginning of" and "before" instead of "at the top" and "above". This also reduces doc update frequency if the UI is adjusted and messages appear in a different place but on the same page/ in the same part of the process.

Connections often contain sensitive credentials. By default, Airflow hides the `password` field in the UI and in the Airflow logs. If `AIRFLOW__CORE__HIDE_SENSITIVE_VAR_CONN_FIELDS` is set to `True`, values from the connection's `Extra` field are also hidden if their keys contain any of the words listed in `AIRFLOW__CORE__SENSITIVE_VAR_CONN_NAMES`. You can find more information on masking, including a list of the default values in this environment variable, in the Airflow documentation on [Masking sensitive data](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/security/secrets/mask-sensitive-values.html).

## Testing connections

> Airflow offers several ways to test your connections by calling the `test_connection` method of the [Airflow hook](what-is-a-hook.md) associated with your connection. Note that not all provider hooks have this method defined in which case you will not be able to test your connection through Airflow.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Airflow offers several ways to test your connections by calling the `test_connection` method of the [Airflow hook](what-is-a-hook.md) associated with your connection. Provider hooks that do not have this method defined cannot be tested using these methods.
```

- UI: You can test many types of Airflow connections directly from the UI by using the **Test** button. See also [Defining connections in the Airflow UI](#defining-connections-in-the-airflow-ui).
- REST API: The Airflow REST API offers the [`connections/test` endpoint](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/stable-rest-api-ref.html#operation/test_connection) to test connections. 

> - CLI: As of Airflow 2.6 you can test a connection from the [Airflow CLI](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/cli-and-env-variables-ref.html) using the command `astro dev run connections test <conn_id>`.

Reviewer 2: We probably shouldn't _only_ have the astro CLI command since we're linking to Airflow docs and not everybody might be using it. I would update to the Airflow CLI command and then add a second sentence that says something like "If you use the Astro CLI you can run Airflow CLI commands with `astro dev run....`

Author: Yeah that makes sense. I was going back and forth between using either or both, you are right this might be confusing 😅

> - CLI: As of Airflow 2.6 you can test a connection from the [Airflow CLI](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/cli-and-env-variables-ref.html) using the command `airflow connections test <conn_id>`. If you are using the Astro CLI you can access this command by running `astro dev run connections test <conn_id>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- CLI: As of Airflow 2.6, you can test a connection from the [Airflow CLI](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/cli-and-env-variables-ref.html) using the command `airflow connections test <conn_id>`. If you use the Astro CLI, you can access this command by running `astro dev run connections test <conn_id>`.
```
